[Docs]: Update `Asset` and `State` sections (#1030)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-base: docs/architecture/notes.md

### Assets

> An [asset](assets.md) container for a `Note`.

A `Note` can contain up to 256 different assets. These assets represent fungible or non-fungible tokens, enabling flexible asset transfers.

### Script

> The code executed when the `Note` is consumed.

Each `Note` has a script that defines the conditions under which it can be consumed. When accounts consume `Note`s in transactions, `Note` scripts call the account’s interface functions. This enables all sorts of operations beyond simple asset transfers. The Miden VM’s Turing completeness allows for arbitrary logic, making `Note` scripts highly versatile.

### Inputs

> Arguments passed to the `Note` script during execution.

A `Note` can have up to 128 input values, which adds up to a maximum of 1 KB of data. The `Note` script can access these inputs. They can convey arbitrary parameters for `Note` consumption. 

### Serial number

> A unique and immutable identifier for the `Note`.

> The serial number helps prevent linkability between the `Note`’s hash and its nullifier. It should be random 32 bytes chosen by the user. If leaked, the `Note`’s nullifier can be easily computed, potentially compromising privacy.

Reviewer: I think here, we need to say that the serial number has two goals: 

1. For private notes: Breaking linkability of note hash and note nullifier
2. For all notes: Ensuring uniqueness of the note. Using a random serial number makes the note unique. Using always the same serial number would create unspendable notes (since some would have the same nullifier, e.g. when sending the same asset to the same person using a P2ID note). The nullifier makes the difference

### Metadata

> Additional `Note` information.

`Note`s include metadata such as the sender’s account ID and a [tag](#note-discovery) that aids in discovery. Regardless of [storage mode](#note-storage-mode), these metadata fields remain public.

## Note Lifecycle

![Architecture core concepts](../img/architecture/note/note-life-cycle.png)

The `Note` lifecycle proceeds through four primary phases: **creation**, **validation**, **discovery**, and **consumption**. Throughout this process, `Note`s function as secure, privacy-preserving vehicles for asset transfers and logic execution.

### Note creation

Accounts can create `Note`s in a transaction. The `Note` exists if it is included in the global `Note`s DB.

- **Users:** Executing local or network transactions.
- **Miden operators:** Facilitating on-chain actions, e.g. such as executing user `Note`s against a DEX or other contracts.

#### Note storage mode

As with [accounts](accounts.md), `Note`s can be stored either publicly or privately:

- **Public mode:** The `Note` data is stored in the [note database](https://0xpolygonmiden.github.io/miden-base/architecture/state.html#notes-database), making it fully visible on-chain.

> - **Private mode:** Only the `Note`’s hash is stored. The `Note`’s actual data remains off-chain, enhancing privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Private mode:** Only the `Note`’s hash is stored publicly. The `Note`’s actual data remains off-chain, enhancing privacy.
```

#### Ephemeral note

> These use-case specific `Note`s can be consumed even if not yet validated by being chained together into one final proof. This can allow for example sub second communication below blocktimes by adding additional trust assumptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These `Note`s can be consumed even if not yet registered on-chain. They can be chained together into one final proof. This can allow, for example, sub, sub-second communication below blocktimes by adding additional trust assumptions.
```

### Note validation

Once created, a `Note` must be validated by a Miden operator. Validation involves checking the transaction proof that produced the `Note` to ensure it meets all protocol requirements.

- **Private Notes:** Only the `Note`’s hash is recorded on-chain, keeping the data confidential.
- **Public Notes:** The full `Note` data is stored, providing transparency for applications requiring public state visibility.

After validation, `Note`s become “live” and eligible for discovery and eventual consumption.

### Note discovery

> Clients often need to find specific `Note`s of interest. Miden allows clients to query the `Note` database using `Note` tags. These lightweight, 32-bit tags serve as best-effort filters, enabling quick lookups for `Note`s related to particular use cases, scripts, or account prefixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients often need to find specific `Note`s of interest. Miden allows clients to query the `Note` database using `Note` tags. These lightweight, 32-bit data fields serve as best-effort filters, enabling quick lookups for `Note`s related to particular use cases, scripts, or account prefixes.
```

## Conclusion

> Miden’s `note` introduce a powerful mechanism for secure, flexible, and private state management. By enabling asynchronous asset transfers, parallel execution, and privacy at scale, notes transcend the limitations of strictly account-based models. As a result, developers and users alike enjoy enhanced scalability, confidentiality, and control. With these capabilities, Miden is paving the way for true **programmable money** where assets, logic, and trust converge seamlessly.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I think in the rest of the page `Note` is capitalized when written in monospace.
